feat(serverless): fix URL doc for functions (#1448)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/functions/reference-content/code-examples.mdx

With event objects you can pass information through your HTTP request. They are composed of the following objects:

* `path`: string - Parameters defined in the path of the HTTP Request
* `queryStringParameters`: map(string)string - Query Strings parameters of the HTTP Request

> * `body`: string|byte() - Body of the HTTP Request, you will have to parse it in your handler to use it properly.

Reviewer: From my understanding, in the runtimes that use event/context, the body will always be a string due to the JSON deserialization we do.

> * `path`: string - Parameters defined in the path of the HTTP Request
> * `queryStringParameters`: map(string)string - Query Strings parameters of the HTTP Request
> * `body`: string|byte() - Body of the HTTP Request, you will have to parse it in your handler to use it properly.
> * `headers`: map(string)string - HTTP Request Headers

Reviewer: Should we use the canonical types for each language? I'm not sure

Here's what it would look like for python:
```suggestion
* `path`: str - Parameters defined in the path of the HTTP Request
* `queryStringParameters`: dict[str, str] - Query Strings parameters of the HTTP Request
* `body`: str - Body of the HTTP Request, you will have to parse it in your handler to use it properly.
* `headers`: dict[str, str] - HTTP Request Headers
```
